The true history of ancient human civilization is far older and was once far
more advanced than we were ever taught in school. And in this video,
I'm gonna tie together three examples that prove that one,
the true age of ancient human civilization is far older by more than double than
that, of what the textbooks have taught us two,
that there was a massive global cataly that happened on earth when human
civilization was around.
And it was essentially a total reset button for human civilization.
That mankind was obliterated back into the stone age and had to start
all over from scratch.
And the third example proves that not only were we alive at the time of the
cataly,
but we somehow had the intellectual knowledge and capabilities to build a
massive network of more than 200 underground cities that are completely
unexplainable by scientists, archeologists, and historians.
Some of which are hundreds of feet underground,
more than 11 levels deep have advanced air ventilation systems and architecture
that have complet dumbfounded modern engineers.
Now I do have a video on the cataly,
but let me give you just a few key pieces of evidence that prove this,
that include the most recent and technologically advanced scientific data ever
taken. For example,
ice core samples taken from both Antarctica as well as Greenland prove that
there was two massive. The first that happened approximately
12,980 years ago, and the second 1400 years later,
or 11,600 years ago,
that showed that there was a sudden rapid and massive 400 foot rise
in global sea levels,
which may have even have been 30 feet in the first 24 hour period of whatever
this event was. It also shows a 15 degree Fahrenheit temperature swing,
which is incredible because when you consider that global warming and climate
change debates right now are focused on what will happen if there's a three
degree Fahrenheit temperature increase. Well,
this is five times that also at that same time,
there was a massive extinction level event that killed off more than 75% of all
mamals in north America, including 120 species of megafauna,
which are animals larger than 100 pounds.
Most of which you've probably never seen or heard of before,
but they're absolutely incredible.
Another key piece of evidence that happened at the same period of time is a
mysterious black matte layer,
similar to the KT boundary that killed off the dinosaur as evidence of an
asteroid impact act.
This covers over 50 million square kilometers of the Earth's surface,
nearly 25% of all the land mass and evidence of it is found over three
continents in dozens of countries around the world.
This black mat layer includes Iridium nano diamonds, extraterrestrial helium,
which is all evidence of a cosmic impact that a comment or an as hit planet
earth, but it's completely mysterious because nobody has found the crater.
That would be the result of it. However,
this would explain the rapid end to the last ice age that all happened at the
same period of time that essentially a commod or an asteroid hit the north
American ice shelf, which at the time was more than one mile thick of ice.
And in some places more than two miles thick.
And if an asteroid was to hit that ice shelf,
it would have caused a massive fine of a tremendous amount of ice,
as well as vaporizing a significant amount of water into the atmosphere
only to be rained down over the entire P planet for days and weeks to come,
which completely corresponds with the data taken from Antarctica in Greenland on
opposite sides of the planet.
That show that there was a massive 400 foot rise in sea level,
and nobody can figure out how this happened.
Nobody has an explanation as to why the last ice age ended so rapidly.
And so suddenly now this leads to me into my second point,
which is at the true age of human civilization is at least double than what we
were taught in the textbooks as evidenced by the site of go Beckley Tepe located
in Turkey.
This site is dated at at least 11,600 years old,
and it is completely mysterious. Nobody knows who built it, why or how,
but it is more than 7,000 years older than Stonehenge,
which is largely mysterious in and of itself.
And it is also 50 times larger and only 5% of it has been excavated.
But ground penetrating radar has shown that so much of the site still remains
underground. It contains more than 200 pillars.
Some of which range from 20 to 50 tons in the site itself clearly
has a celestial orientation.
And what makes it even more interesting is that as the world's very first north,
south facing structure, but it's lined perfectly north,
which is completely unexplainable because there was no way to do that.
Even a modern times without having advanced astronomical knowledge also found at
this site is evidence of agriculture,
which wasn't supposed to exist until nearly 6,000 years later,
by the Sumerians in Mesopotamia, also known as the cradle of civilization.
This site in itself completely debunks what we were taught in our textbooks and
that the true narrative of ancient human civilization is far older and far more
complicated than we ever realized. Now go Beckley tap a,
which is been in Turkey. As I mentioned, leads me into my third example,
which is that there is a network of more than 200 underground cities also
located in Turkey and the captia region.
The first thing that must be mentioned about these cities is that every
scientist,
archeologists and historian all agrees that they are completely mysterious,
have no idea when they were built, who built them, why?
And especially how, and like I said earlier,
modern engineers are completely baffled that they had the intellectual knowledge
to strategically build them in the ways that they did that.
Essentially they carved around volcanic stone and even knew strategically where
to place specific pillars in order to ensure the stability of the complex.
And they have found zero evidence of any Kans whatsoever,
which is pretty incredible. Let me give you the example of Darren Q U,
which is the most notable of these underground cities. Now,
this site has not been fully excavated.
They don't know exactly how deep it is or how many levels, however,
national geographic states that has 11 and that it also has an advanced air
ventilation system that consists of more than 50 main shats that plummet more
than 200 feet into the earth or more than 55 meters.
And it also has more than 15,000 sub shats that stem from the 50 main shafts
that they know of the entire site of itself is huge.
It spans across more than four square miles or 10.4 kilometers. And like I said,
it has not been fully excavated.
It also connects to a nearby city through a eight kilometer or five mile long
tunnel, carved out a volcanic rock, more than three stories underground.
It has hundreds,
if not thousands of rooms and was capable of holding more than 20,000 people
and livestock comfortably, which is completely mind boggling,
considering that out of these 200 known underground cities,
more than 40 of them have at least three levels or more some of which have at
least 10 levels that they know of. And they EV even have communication,
piping holes connecting from various levels to another.
So that way people can communicate in them.
And they also have a system of locking doors,
essentially 1100 pound rolling doors that could be operated by one person that
would prevent anyone from the outside.
Being able to get in which many historians in archeologists have stated that
maybe the reason why these UN of ground cities were built were to avoid Raiders
and invaders to their, to their area,
which is pretty illogic considering that there's more than 200 of these cities.
In fact, there's a city located 2200 kilometers away,
nearly 1400 miles in Iran known as the new Chabad underground city.
And if you look at photos of it, which I'll throw a couple up here for you,
it looks like it was built the same people.
This could also explain the mysterious city of Petra,
which is more well known for having been in the movie,
Indiana Jones in the last crusade, but it is completely unexplainable.
They don't know who built it. And even just a year ago,
they found a whole other entrance to it.
And it may have held as many as 20,000 people,
which reminds me some of these underground cities located it in Turkey.
We're capable of holding more than 60,000 people for months on end.
According to estimates, again,
to think that these were made just to stay away from invaders is incredibly
illogical.
Isn't it far more likely that we somehow had the intellectual knowledge and the
physical capabilities to build these sites,
knowing that there was a cataly coming. Because again,
we have no idea who built them or when,
and now that we know that the history of human civilization is far older and was
once far, far more advanced than what our textbooks have actually told us.
It's time that we start asking new questions and start piecing together key
pieces of evidence so that we can come up with far more logical explanations to
the true history, human civilization. So to close this up,
we know that because of go Backley Tepe,
the history of human civilization is at least double the age than that,
of what we were taught in the textbooks.
We know that they also had advanced knowledge and that will take in for a case
agriculture as well as the perfect north south facing shows that we were
essentially ahead of ourselves and what we thought we were capable of by at
least 6,000 years. And because of this,
we know that we were alive at the precise time of a massive cataly when there
just so happens to be a network of more than 200 underground tunnels,
which to me seems like some type of arc system for survival.
And when you tie these three things together,
the most logical explanation is that yes, humans were alive.
We were more advanced and we were essentially wiped out anyways, guys,
I'll leave it at that. I'm Jimmy, this is bright insight. I can subscribe.
I have many other videos and a whole wide variety of topics.
Take care of everybody.